hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and welcome to the second episode of oMG
setups where I showcase an upcoming game
and some hardware to go with it this
time we're flying into space to explore
a universe in no man's sky and to do
this I'm going with the Dell Inspiron
7:59 this is one of the best valued
gaming laptops on the market right now
quad core i7 gtx 960m
this thing can handle most games
comfortably it has some red accents
without going over the top and it's just
an all-around great gaming laptop the
phone I'm using to tether is the next
bit Robin it's a forward-thinking phone
with essentially unlimited storage
because it can intelligently transfer
your data to and from the next bit cloud
it also looks pretty cool the mouse pad
is the Razer Kabuto it has a soft
surface with a grippy rubber bottom very
easy to transport around and the mouse
performance on this thing is excellent
it's got a very smooth surface for
controlling your ship around in space
the mouse I went with is the Razer
Orochi it uses bluetooth so there's no
cables to worry about it has chroma
lighting so you can adjust it whichever
way you like it's got really smooth
tracking and a long battery life of
around 60 hours of use the headset I'm
using for this setup is the Razer
Manowar it's a wireless 7.1 speaker with
a retractable mic super comfortable
excellent audio performance and it also
has chroma lighting you can adjust
lastly the pack that I use to carry all
of this is the jetpack 2.0 from Tesla it
has weather resistant seams holds a
15-inch laptop anything it looks awesome
so all of these products are linked
below if you want to check them out
no man's sky is a sci-fi sandbox game
that was developed by a studio called
hello games so the game has survival
elements mixed with a much larger theme
of exploring the universe and this
universe is procedurally generated it
uses math to randomly construct
essentially everything in the game the
galaxies the solar systems the planets
the animals and the plant life on those
planets the structures on those planets
all of this stuff is created using math
in real time as they're first discovered
it's really impressive and by doing this
they created a universe with a
ridiculous number of planets got 18
quintillion planets and every single one
of those can be discovered and explored
by players if you happen to be the first
player to land on a planet and explore
it you even get to name it
and then that planet gets plotted on a
map of the universe called the Atlas so
as planets are discovered they'll appear
on this map for all the players to see
now when you have a gigantic space like
this with essentially infinite places to
explore it becomes a really cool
environment to tell a story so as you
play you discover the history and the
lower that the developers put into the
universe and eventually you piece
together the mystery that they've laid
out it's not a purely explorative game
you can attack things there's ground
combat like you'll come across creatures
and plants that are hostile and they try
to kill you but it's pretty basic combat
and the same thing applies when you're
flying around in a spaceship so there's
ample opportunity for fighting in space
but it's not a hardcore space combat
game there are three different player
classes with their own perks a fighter a
traitor and an explorer so the game
gives you various ways to experience the
universe but you have your standard
sandbox stuff you have to harvest
resources which you can trade for
currency or use to craft things to
upgrade your equipment but everything
you do in the game is kind of geared to
help you get closer to the ultimate goal
which is to reach the center of the
universe where there's supposedly
something pretty cool waiting now it's
listed as a single-player game but
technically it's kind of multiplayer see
all of the players exist
in the same universe as you but
everything is so spread apart and the
universe is just so massive that it's
very unlikely he'll encounter another
player so you're essentially alone as
you play this multiplayer game now if
you want you can try to meet up with
your friends in game but it's supposed
to be incredibly difficult to find each
other so I'm super excited about no
man's sky the idea of traveling around
in a spaceship to explore the universe
something that I've always had dreams of
as a kid it's awesome the game costs $60
and as always I'm giving away a key to a
subscriber follow me on Twitter and
Instagram for details hope you guys
enjoyed this video give me some thumbs
if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys at the center of the
universe